# Syllabus-Textbook-Selection-Pilot-Study-For-NYU
The professors at New York University adjust the syllabus every semester to adapt to the trend. Therefore, every time they make some changes in the syllabus, they need to go over the textbook again and maybe select a new book to teach the lesson better. In addition, they need to spend a lot of time on the internet searching for a book and looking up every book's table of contents or even the content of the whole book to select the best material for the course. The processes are time-consuming and inefficient. The project aims to test the textbook syllabus analyzer tool to understand if this is a useful and time saving tool for professors to find the best materials for the courses. The study focuses on two New York University Management and Systems program classes: Project Management in the Information Age and Strategic Management of Technological Innovation. In addition, the study collaborates with six professors from the NYU MASY program to generate an F1 score to create the research results. As a result, professors from NYU will be using this tool to find the best textbooks for the courses in the future. The pilot study used three different content of the books, the whole textbook’s content, the table of contents, and the index, and two different content of the syllabus, the whole syllabus and the academic content, to test the analyzer tool. Furthermore, the study uses the F1 score to analyze the similarity score collected from the analyzer tool and the professors’ feedback to create the research result. The result of the pilot study is that it’s better to use the whole syllabus and the table of contents to generate the similarity score to find the best materials for the courses.
